Added description about the size of terminationMessage file (#21116)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/determine-reason-pod-failure.md

is empty and the container exited with an error. The log output is limited to

> 2048 bytes or 80 lines, whichever is smaller.

Reviewer: 2048 bytes or 4096 bytes? Which is it?

Author: 4096 bytes --> terminationMessagePath

2048 bytes --> terminationMessagePolicy

{{< note >}}

> Message written is intended to be brief final status, such as an assertion failure message. Will be truncated by the node if greater than 4096 bytes. The total message length across all containers will be limited to 12kb. Defaults to /dev/termination-log. Cannot be updated.

Reviewer: The kubelet truncates the message, right?

How about this text:
```suggestion
The termination message is intended to be brief final status, such as an assertion failure message. The kubelet truncates messages that are longer than 4096 bytes. The total message length across all containers will be limited to 12KiB. The default termination message path is `/dev/termination-log`. You cannot set the termination message path after a Pod is launched.
```

Also, because this is quite a lot of detail, I wouldn't put it inside a note shortcode.

Author: > The kubelet truncates the message, right?

From the code, this is handled in kubelet

https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/4e8b56e6671893757d40e2001a3c615acebc13a2/pkg/kubelet/kuberuntime/kuberuntime_container.go#L409-L429

Author: > Also, because this is quite a lot of detail, I wouldn't put it inside a note shortcode.

updated, thx
